Currently, BookManager READ does not fully support ALTLIB and LIBDEF for
invoking BookManager READ.  Here is IBM's position on this issue:

APAR PN20713 states IBM's official position that BookManager READ does
not support LIBDEF's.  PN20713 goes on to state that IBM will not
support anyone wishing to use LIBDEF when invoking BookManager READ.
IBM cites four reasons as the basis for denying LIBDEF support in
BookManager READ.  In a Dynamic ISPF environment, only one of the four
reasons is valid.  The fourth reason listed in PN20713 describes the
BookManager "Edit source" function.  This function performs a split
screen and brings up an edit session so the user can directly edit the
manual they're working with.  This function will not work because the
LIBDEF's are not carried across the split screen.  If you require the
"Edit source" function in BookManager, you will have to create a LOGON
proc and hard allocate the BookManager datasets.  If you do not require
the "Edit source" function, this exec will correctly invoke BookManager
READ, but you do so at your own risk.  IBM will not support any dialog
errors you encounter unless you have hard allocated datasets in a LOGON
PROC.

That said, in order to support BookManager, you will need to either
concatenate this library first in the ALTLIB statement in the @BOOKRED
exec, or you will have to copy BOOKMGR, EOXBKMGR, EOXREDIT, and
EOXVHELP to another exec library and concatenate that library first
in the ALTLIB statement in the @BOOKRED exec.  You may also create an
AMP/E usermod to install these changes.
